README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img alt="The DDEV Integration Logo" height="128" src="./src/main/resources/META-INF/pluginIcon.svg" title="DDEV Integration Logo" width="128"/>
</p>

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/php-perfect/ddev-intellij-plugin/Java%20CI%20with%20Gradle/main "Build")](https://github.com/php-perfect/ddev-intellij-plugin/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
[![Rating](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/r/rating/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration/reviews)
[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/nico-loeber?label=Sponsors&logo=Github "Sponsors")](https://github.com/sponsors/nico-loeber?frequency=recurring&sponsor=nico-loeber)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg "BSD 3")](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

# DDEV Integration for IntelliJ

This plugin integrates [DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) with IntelliJ based IDEs such as PHPStorm or WebStorm.

[DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) is an open source tool that makes it simple to get local PHP development
environments up and running in minutes.

## Features

The plugin allows you to operate all common [DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) features from your IDE's graphical user
interface.

- Run DDEV Actions
- Quick access DDEV Services
- Check for DDEV Updates
- Assistance and Completion for the DDEV Configuration
- Auto Configure PHP Remote Interpreter<sup>1</sup>
- Auto Configure Data Source<sup>1</sup>
- Integrated DDEV Terminal<sup>1</sup>
- And much more coming soon!

<sup>1</sup> These features are only available in supporting IDEs, such as PHPStorm or IntelliJ Ultimate.

## Installation

You can install the Plugin from the [Jetbrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
or from your IDE.

In your IDE, navigate to `Settings > Plugins > Marketplace` and search for "DDEV Integration". Click Install and restart
your IDE.

Please refer to the [Installation Guide](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) on how to install DDEV on your system.

Commit message:

Add reference to contribution guidelines to the readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img alt="The DDEV Integration Logo" height="128" src="./src/main/resources/META-INF/pluginIcon.svg" title="DDEV Integration Logo" width="128"/>
</p>

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/php-perfect/ddev-intellij-plugin/Java%20CI%20with%20Gradle/main "Build")](https://github.com/php-perfect/ddev-intellij-plugin/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
[![Rating](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/r/rating/18813)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration/reviews)
[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/nico-loeber?label=Sponsors&logo=Github "Sponsors")](https://github.com/sponsors/nico-loeber?frequency=recurring&sponsor=nico-loeber)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_3--Clause-blue.svg "BSD 3")](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

# DDEV Integration for IntelliJ

This plugin integrates [DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) with IntelliJ based IDEs such as PHPStorm or WebStorm.

[DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) is an open source tool that makes it simple to get local PHP development
environments up and running in minutes.

## Features

The plugin allows you to operate all common [DDEV](https://github.com/drud/ddev) features from your IDE's graphical user
interface.

- Run DDEV Actions
- Quick access DDEV Services
- Check for DDEV Updates
- Assistance and Completion for the DDEV Configuration
- Auto Configure PHP Remote Interpreter<sup>1</sup>
- Auto Configure Data Source<sup>1</sup>
- Integrated DDEV Terminal<sup>1</sup>
- And much more coming soon!

<sup>1</sup> These features are only available in supporting IDEs, such as PHPStorm or IntelliJ Ultimate.

## Installation

You can install the Plugin from the [Jetbrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18813-ddev-integration)
or from your IDE.

In your IDE, navigate to `Settings > Plugins > Marketplace` and search for "DDEV Integration". Click Install and restart
your IDE.

Please refer to the [DDEV Installation Guide](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) on how to install DDEV on your
system.

## Contributions and Issues

Please refer to the [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
